Graduated student in Computer Engineering at the University of Alicante (June 2025). Actually studying a master degree in Artificial Intelligence.

HARD SKILLS

    HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap

    Spring Boot

    AWS

    PHP, MySQL, MongoDB, Docker, Docker Compose

    Vue.js, Node.js, Laravel

    Testing in Maven and PHP

    Version control: Git and GitHub


SOFT SKILLS

    Thanks to the Scrum methodology, I discovered that I love working in a team.

    Self-learning, developed from the need to look for sources and documentation beyond the materials provided by the university.

    Strong communication skills thanks to presentations in different talks for the MaquinUA project and thanks to the CDUA (UA Debate Club), of which I have been a member for 3 years.


LANGUAGES

	Spanish: Native
	English: B2

HONORS & AWARDS

    Bronze medal winner in the Spanish Mathematical Olympiad (OME) in 2019 and 2021.

    Member of the winning team of the Gennera Entrepreneurship Program (2021).

    Member of the winning team of the Premios Impulso (2024 edition).

    Completed IBM’s “Qubit by Qubit” Quantum Computing course (2021).

    Completed the WSS program (2022).

EXPERIENCE

    Full Stack Developer

    Development of a Web Application to interact in a user-friendly way with the University of Alicante vending machines through an interactive map

    Winning project of the Premios Impulso (2024) in the Digital Transformation category.

    Used Vue.js for the front end.

    Used Node.js and Docker Compose for the back end.

    Responsive design adapted to most devices.

    Used the Scrum methodology to achieve excellent teamwork.

    Link to the deployed application:
    https://jcerveto.github.io/taes/

    Development of a Web Application (VitalSanity) that enables integration with AutoFirma for the management of centralized medical records

    Application developed using the Spring Boot framework.

    Used AWS.

    Authentication with digital certificate.

    URL of the deployed application:
    https://www.vitalsanity.net:11443/vital-sanity


CONTACT

    Email: crissx0159sx@gmail.com

    LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/cristian-silvestre-36b089320

    GitHub: https://github.com/cacs2-ua

    Web Portfolio: criscsfullstack.es